UIP-656: Adding popover ref props (#301)
cbinsights/form-design-system: src/components/popovers/popover.stories.mdx

    </Popover>
  </Story>
</Preview>

## Disable Scrolling

> If you'd like to disable scrolling when a popover is open on any given element, you can utilize `disableScrollRef`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to disable scrolling of some element when a popover is open you can pass a ref of the scrolling element to the `disableScrollRef` prop.
```

<Preview>
  <Story name="Disable Scrolling">
    {() => { 
      const containerEl = useRef(null); 
      return (
        <div
          ref={containerEl}
          style={{ height: 200, border: "1px dashed red", overflow: 'scroll' }}
        >
          <div style={{ height: 500, background: "yellow" }}>
            <Popover
              trigger={<Button theme="outlined" label="Open popover" />}
              position="bottom"
              alignment="start"
              distance={8}
              disableScrollRef={containerEl}
            >
              <div className="bgColor--white rounded--all elevation--2 padding--all">
                <h3 className="type--head3">Look at me</h3>
                <p>
                  <em>i am the popover</em>
                </p>
              </div>
            </Popover>
          </div>
        </div>
      )
    }}
  </Story>
</Preview>

## Close on Scroll

> If you'd like the ability to close the popover once the user scrolls, you can utilize `closeOnScrollRef`:

Reviewer: does this help or make it harder to understand?

```suggestion
If you'd like the ability to close the popover once the user scrolls some element, you can pass a ref of that element to the `closeOnScrollRef` prop.
```
